#summary nextShows ChangeLog
#labels Featured

== V2.1 ==
*v2.1.1*
  * Added drag and drop support (for now only search results can be dragged and dropped on the "My Shows" list)
  * Improved Fade-{in,out} effect for the GUI's Splash Screen (Thanks to QTimeLine)
  * Code cleanup

*v2.1.0:*
  * Requirement are now:
    * Python v2.5 or later
    * PyQt / Qt v4.3.1 or later
    * KDE v3.5.0 or later (*NOTE:* I haven't tested yet with KDE4 but it should hopefully work)
  * Dropped BeautifulSoup in favor of the [http://docs.python.org/lib/module-xml.etree.ElementTree.html Python 2.5 ElementTree XML API] as we now use the XML feeds provided by [http://www.tvrage.com/ TVRage] _(many thanks to Sebrioth for his kind help)_
  * Full TVRage parser rewrite (obviously, this has to do with the previous line :)
  * The "Filter" feature is now back in the GUI \o/ (it was removed in 2.0.2)
  * Added a theme switcher/selector to the GUI
    * Added a new theme -> "ClapperBoard" _(Thanks Manu ;)_
  * Added a Date Format option in the GUI
  * Few minor fixes and enhancements

----
== V2.0 ==
*v2.0.4:*
  * Fix the forgetfulness I committed in the previous (2.0.3) release.

*v2.0.3:*
  * This release should fix the crash reported in the comments that affected Debian/Ubuntu (and probably other distros).

*v2.0.2:*
  * Due to changes on tvrage.com, the "Filter" feature and years in the search results were removed :(.
  * Parser fixed to reflect those changes.

*v2.0.1:*
  * Parser update/fix.

*v2.0.0:*
Code (almost) fully rewritten. Main changes are:
  * Dropped www.tv.com and now using www.tvrage.com to fetch necessary shows/episodes informations.
  * A configuration GUI (no need to edit the configuration file by hand anymore!!!).
  * User can now customize his colors while displaying episodes (this part of the configuration dialog needs some love to be more usable but it is working).
  * Added preliminary work for supporting other themes/skins but disabled in this release since there's only 1 theme available (contributors welcome :).
  * Other minor things I can't remember.

----
== V1.0 ==
*v1.0.0:*
  * First public release !